README.md, before:

[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/keremciu/sketch-iconfont.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/keremciu/sketch-iconfont/releases)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/keremciu/sketch-iconfont](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/keremciu/sketch-iconfont?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Use icon fonts like a boss in Sketch!

=======
#### Update: 5 December
The codes rewritten, you can read them easily. Soon custom-iconfont support is coming.

##### Update: You can search an icon in grid view.
https://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video/CTKBEtoUwAQ3DC0.mp4

![demo][quick-gif] 
(sorry for bad quality, I'll add a video gif)

Now it supports **font awesome, material and ion icons** but sure, I would like to add more. 
Maybe we can create a custom icon font uploader, it would be so cool.

## Demo

![demo][demo-image]

# Features

> `A Problem of the Designer:` 
> When you want to add an icon from icon fonts, you don't need to find a cheatsheet to copy it in your design.

- You can easily add it now in sketch.

> `A Problem of the Developer:` 
> When you want to learn name of the icon which is added from a designer, you don't need to look too much icons to find it.

- You can easily learn it now in sketch.

# Dependencies

You need to install icon fonts to your OS:

For fontawesome:
https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/raw/master/fonts/FontAwesome.otf

For ion icons:
https://github.com/driftyco/ionicons/raw/master/fonts/ionicons.ttf

For material icons:
https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/raw/master/iconfont/MaterialIcons-Regular.ttf

# Install

### with Sketch Toolbox

1. You can install 'Sketch Iconfont' plugin directly.

### manual

1. Download ZIP of this repo.
2. Extract and rename folder to what would you like.
3. Put the folder in your Sketch plugin folder (Use `Plugins > Reveal Plugins Folder` to find the plugin folder).

# Next Steps

~~- I'd like to add a search area in "add icon with list" command to easily find an icon.~~ Added.
- I'm trying to build a svg icon font parser to use custom icon fonts in sketch.

You can follow me on twitter to get updates about new icon fonts.

# License

MIT

=======

:beers:

If you want you can buy me a beer guys, https://www.paypal.me/keremsevencan :)

[demo-image]: http://i.imgur.com/EBGmlSe.gif
[quick-gif]: http://i.imgur.com/nYLJhIE.gif

Commit message:

update readme and bump version

README.md, after:

[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/keremciu/sketch-iconfont.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/keremciu/sketch-iconfont/releases)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/keremciu/sketch-iconfont](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/keremciu/sketch-iconfont?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Use icon fonts like a boss in Sketch!

=======
#### Update: 6 December
Added black tie and font awesome brands support.

#### Update: 5 December
The codes rewritten, you can read them easily. Soon custom-iconfont support is coming.

##### Update: You can search an icon in grid view.
https://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video/CTKBEtoUwAQ3DC0.mp4

![demo][quick-gif]
(sorry for bad quality, I'll add a video gif)

Now it supports **font awesome, material and ion icons** but sure, I would like to add more.
Maybe we can create a custom icon font uploader, it would be so cool.

## Demo

![demo][demo-image]

# Features

> `A Problem of the Designer:` 
> `A Problem of the Designer:`
> When you want to add an icon from icon fonts, you don't need to find a cheatsheet to copy it in your design.

- You can easily add it now in sketch.

> `A Problem of the Developer:`
> When you want to learn name of the icon which is added from a designer, you don't need to look too much icons to find it.

- You can easily learn it now in sketch.

# Dependencies

You need to install icon fonts to your OS:

For fontawesome:
https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/raw/master/fonts/FontAwesome.otf

For ion icons:
https://github.com/driftyco/ionicons/raw/master/fonts/ionicons.ttf

For material icons:
https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/raw/master/iconfont/MaterialIcons-Regular.ttf

For font awesome brands icons:
https://github.com/Fonticons/Font-Awesome-Brands/raw/master/fonts/FontAwesomeBrands-Regular.otf

`PAID`
For black tie icons:
http://blacktie.io

# Install

### with Sketch Toolbox

1. You can install 'Sketch Iconfont' plugin directly.

### manual

1. Download ZIP of this repo.
2. Extract and rename folder to what would you like.
3. Put the folder in your Sketch plugin folder (Use `Plugins > Reveal Plugins Folder` to find the plugin folder).

# Next Steps

~~- I'd like to add a search area in "add icon with list" command to easily find an icon.~~ Added.
- I'm trying to build a svg icon font parser to use custom icon fonts in sketch.

You can follow me on twitter to get updates about new icon fonts.

# License

MIT

=======

:beers:

If you want you can buy me a beer guys, https://www.paypal.me/keremsevencan :)

[demo-image]: http://i.imgur.com/EBGmlSe.gif
[quick-gif]: http://i.imgur.com/nYLJhIE.gif
